/projects
GET
/projects - returns the same data as /sessions/current:GET request returns except user_id. You may pass "f_recent_projects_ids=1" GET parameter, then the response will contain 'recent_project_ids' array with recently visited projects ids (the same as on projects dashboard). Order is from most recently visited to less recently. Only projects visited using web UI are marked as recent. Avoid using f_recent_projects_ids too often (for example more than once an hour).

/projects/project_id - returns the same data as /sessions/current:GET request returns except:  

    1) user_id is not returned;

    2) "projects" array contains only specified project (or it's empty if a project is not found)

    3) project inside "projects" array has additional field "notifications", containing all unread notifications. See /notifications for "notifications" structure description.

    4) project inside "projects" array has an additional field "f_subtasks_adv", containing boolean true or false. It reflects if a user is able to create advanced subtasks in the project.

    5) project inside "projects" array has an additional field "f_can_add_tasks", containing boolean true or false. It reflects if a user is able to create tasks in the project.

POST
Input data: 

name	description
project_name	can be empty if f_first = 1 (default will be used). Max allowed length is 255 symbols, the recommended length is ~50 symbols.
project_description	can be empty
project_color	can be empty or contain HEX number (w/o "#")
todo_view_type    	kanban|default, so far use "default" value
group_id	project group. If empty, group_name should be set
group_name	if it is not empty, will be created a new group with this name (passed group_id will be ignored). When f_first is true, both group_id and group_name can be empty - the default group will be created. Otherwise, an error will be triggered.
changed_users	list of invitations to users. It can be empty or absent. See projects/project_id:PUT for structure description (only "added" users will be processed)
Example: 

{  
   "project_name":"Name",
   "project_description":"Some descr",
   "project_color":"34ad22",
   "todo_view_type":"kanban",
   "f_first":true,
   "group_id":"",
   "group_name":"new group",
   "changed_users":{  
      "added":[  
         {  
            "row_id":"any_id_to_link_validation_to_email",
            "email":"some_email",
            "first_name":"fir!!st_name",
            "last_name":"last!!_name"
         },
         {  
            "row_id":"any_id_to_link_validation_to_email",
            "email":"some_email",
            "first_name":"first_name2",
            "last_name":"last_name2"
         }
      ]
   }
}
Output (inside 'data'): the same as for /projects/project_id:GET

PUT
(actual request should be /projects/project_id:POST)

Input data: 

name	description
project_name	mandatory
project_description	can be empty
project_color	mandatory
group_id	mandatory if group_name is empty
group_name	mandatory if group_id is empty. If present, group_id is ignored
f_active	optional. Possible values: true|false. If it is present, will change project state according to the value.
f_only_users_update	optional. Possible values: true|false. If it is present, will change project users only.
changed_users	list of added, deleted and updated users. It can be empty or absent. See projects/project_id:POST for structure description.
Changed users structure example is below:

{
	"added": [{
		"row_id": "any_id_to_link_validation_to_email",
		"email": "some_email",
		"first_name": "fir!!st_name",
		"last_name": "last!!_name"
	}],
	"updated": [{
		"user_id": "309953",
		"team_id": "7000"
	}],
	"deleted": [{
		"user_id": "377131"
	}, {
		"user_id": "377132"
	}]
}
Fields for an element inside added:

name	description
row_id	invitation id (generated by client app) - if this invitation is in error, id will be used to link error to the invitation in the response
email	mandatory
first_name	can be empty
last_name	can be empty
Fields for an element inside updated:

name	description
user_id 	mandatory
team_id 	the same as role_id (later role_id where it present will be team_id). This is the only field available for editing.
Fields for an element inside deleted:

name	description
user_id 	mandatory
Example of /projects/project_id:POST request:

{
	"project_name": "Name",
	"project_description": "Some descr",
	"project_color": "34ad22",
	"todo_view_type": "kanban",
	"f_first": true,
	"group_id": "267282",
	"group_name": "new group",
	"changed_users": {
		"updated": [{
			"user_id": "309953",
			"team_id": "7000"
		}],
		"deleted": [{
			"user_id": "377131"
		}, {
			"user_id": "377132"
		}]
	}
}
Output (inside 'data'): the same as for /projects/project_id:GET

DELETE
WARNING: Is not supported now

/projects/project_id:DELETE

/tasks
GET
/tasks - returns a list of all tasks user has access to

/tasks/?project_id=xxx - list of tasks in the project

/tasks/task_id - list of tasks which contains only the task with given task_id

Custom fields

To include custom fields data in the response you need to add "f_cf=1" parameter, example: /tasks/?project_id=xxx&f_cf=1. Only fetch is supported for custom fields (no insert/update/delete). When you pass f_cf=1, the response will contain an additional array of custom fields templates used in the resulting task list.

Tags

You may pass "f_include_tags=1" GET parameter, then the response will contain 'tags' array with tag ids assigned to the item.

Limits

All /tasks:GET requests support limit and offset parameters. Example: "/tasks?limit=2&offset=2". Current default (and maximum allowed) limit for public API is 200.

All responses contain "meta" field:

    "meta": {
        "has_more": true, // always presents
        "total_count": 1362 // presents if has_more = true
    }
name	description
has_more	is true if there are more results after the last returned result in the response, and false otherwise.
total_count	presents if show_more = true and contains all available results count.
WARN: currently limit, offset, total_count values are applied to the top-level tasks. All subtasks are ignored when a limit is applied, and total_count is calculated.

Example

To fetch all the tasks, you need to execute set of requests like

https://freedcamp.com/api/v1/tasks?limit=200&offset=0
https://freedcamp.com/api/v1/tasks?limit=200&offset=200
https://freedcamp.com/api/v1/tasks?limit=200&offset=400
....

while there are results or meta.has_more is true.
Each request may return more than 200 tasks, if there are subtasks. All subtasks of the task are always returned in the one request (are not split between pages).

Filtration and order

/tasks and /tasks/?project_id=xxx requests support filtration and ordering. Filters/order can be applied in any combination.

Supported filters:

name	description
status	check constants wiki for possible values. For example, to get only not started and started tasks, you should use:  "/tasks?status[]=0&status[]=2"
assigned_to_id	accepts integer values containing user id or one of Assignments constants from constants wiki
created_by_id	accepts integer values containing user id
due_date[from]	accepts a date in format YYYY-MM-DD. If set, only tasks with the due date set and due date >= due_date[from] will be returned
due_date[to]	accepts a date in format YYYY-MM-DD. If set, only tasks with the due date set and due date <= due_date[to] will be returned
created_date[from]	accepts a date in format YYYY-MM-DD. If set, only tasks with the creation date >= created_date[from] will be returned
created_date[to]	accepts a date in format YYYY-MM-DD. If set, only tasks with the creation date <= created_date[to] will be returned
f_with_archived	
accepts 1/0 values. If 1 is passed, tasks from archived projects will be included to the response. If omitted or 0 is passed, only tasks from active projects are fetched.

lists_status	
Determines the status (i.e. active or archived) of Task Lists to fetch tasks from.  Accepts "active", "archived", "all" values. Omitting is equal to "active".
(Note: "Task list" is the new name for "Task Group". The old name is still used in API and this wiki).

Supported orders: 

priority: tasks with no priority set are supposed to have the lowest priority.
due_date: tasks with no due date set are always placed at the list end despite the order direction.

WARN: if there are many orders in the request, only the first one will be applied.
WARN: ordering is applied to Tasks groups for all orders except due_date. So if you have two tasks groups in output, there will be all tasks from the first group, and then all tasks from the second group in the output. For due_date order, Tasks groups order is ignored.
WARN: when ordering, subtasks are always following their parent tasks if these tasks are present in the output.

If not valid filter or order value is passed, this value is ignored.

Example: /tasks?status[]=0&due_date[from]=2017-02-01&due_date[to]=2017-02-28&created_date[from]=2017-01-01&&assigned_to_id[]=13&assigned_to_id[]=-1&assigned_to_id[]=0&created_by_id[]=15&order[due_date]=asc&lists_status=active

Output example for /tasks:GET:

Output:

tasks: list of tasks with the next fields:

name	description
id	task id
assigned_to_id	user id task is assigned to. May have values -1 (ASSIGNED_EVERYONE) and 0 (ASSIGNED_NOONE).
created_by_id	user id who created the task
task_group_id	
project_id	
priority	possible values: 0 (none), 1 (low), 2 (medium), 3 (high).
title	
description	raw description, with Freedcamp tags like [fcattach]. WARN - you should show this data to the user when editing.
description_processed	(absent if it's not a get one task by id) processed description, where [fcattach] tags are replaced with actual images with link. WARN - is present only when you request only one task, absent otherwise. You should show to user this data when showing task (and use raw "description" when editing).
status	one of the next values: 0 (not started), 1 (completed), 2 (in progress)
comments_count	
files_count	files attached to the task (files attached to task comments are not counted)
completed_ts	if was completed, ts when it happened, null otherwise
start_ts	null if it was not set
due_ts	null if it was not set
created_ts	
task_group_name	
f_archived_list	false if the task is in an active task list, true if the task is in an archived task list
priority_title	a title of the corresponding value in 'priority' field
status_title	title of the corresponding value in 'status' field
assigned_to_fullname	name of a user task is assigned to (will be discussed if we need it and in what format)
can_delete	(absent if a query is for more than one project)
can_edit 	(absent if a query is for more than one project)
can_assign 	(absent if a query is for more than one project)
can_progress 	(absent if a query is for more than one project)
can_comment 	(absent if a query is for more than one project)
comments 	(absent if it's not a get task by id) list of comments. Comments structure is described below
files	(absent if it's not a get task by id) list of files attached to the task. See /files:GET for structure description
url	URL for the task
cf_tpl_id	custom fields template id (if linked with the task)
custom_fields	(absent if custom fields are not requested) an array of custom fields values used for the task
h_level	shows the task nesting level, 0 for top-level tasks.
h_parent_id	shows the parent task id. Is an empty string for top-level tasks.
h_top_id	shows the top parent task id (so is equal to h_parent_id for subtasks with h_level=1, and differs for subtasks with h_level > 1). Is an empty string for top-level tasks.
r_rule	empty if the task is not recurring
order	set by user order inside tasks group (using d&d). By default tasks in output are ordered by this field inside their tasks groups.
WARN! It's possible that several tasks inside the same group have the same order value including default value (0).

WARN! It's possible that subtask has order equal to or greater than its parent(s). In this case, API ignores the order of subtask and places subtask after parent task (if a parent is present in output).

WARN! This field is NOT equal to the task position in the returned list.

f_adv_subtask	(absent if it's not a get one task by id) shows if this is an advanced subtask or not. True for advanced subtasks, false for usual tasks and not advanced subtasks. Advanced subtasks have the same properties (all editable) that usual tasks. Not advanced subtasks have title and status only, and status can be set only in "TODO_NOT_STARTED" or "TODO_COMPLETED" (no "TODO_IN_PROGRESS" status).  Not advanced subtasks can't have comments as well. It's possible for a user to have access to both advanced and not advanced subtasks at the same time even inside the same project.
Example:

    "tasks": [
      {
        "id": "1528",
        "h_parent_id": "1525",
        "h_top_id": "1524",
        "h_level": "2",
        "f_adv_subtask": false, // only presents for getting a task by id
        "assigned_to_id": null,
        "created_by_id": "167",
        "task_group_id": "272",
        "project_id": "305",
        "priority": 0,
        "title": "tngfng",
        "description": "<p>пат<br />\n </p>\n",
        "status": 0,
        "order": 3,
        "comments_count": 0,
        "files_count": 0,
        "completed_ts": null,
        "start_ts": null,
        "due_ts": 1440745200,
        "created_ts": 1440686274,
        "task_group_name": "new",
        "f_archived_list": false,
        "priority_title": "none",
        "status_title": "no progress",
        "assigned_to_fullname": "Unassigned",
        "r_rule": "RRULE:FREQ=WEEKLY;BYDAY=MO,TU,WE,TH,FR;UNTIL=20200430T000000",
        "can_delete": true,
        "can_edit": true,
        "can_assign": true,
        "can_progress": true,
        "can_comment": true,
        "comments": [{...}, {...}, ...],
        "files": [{...}, {...}, ...],
        "url": "https://freedcamp.com/somename_LxR/project_Devel_yOf/todos/7666346/",
        "cf_tpl_id": "15",
        "custom_fields": [
            {
                "cf_id": "18",
                "value": "211"
            },
            {
                "cf_id": "19",
                "value": "1"
            }
        ]
      },
      ....
    ]
Comments structure: the same as /comments:POST returns.

If custom fields data is requested and there were custom fields templates linked to some tasks in the list, list of these templates will be returned in a separate array "cf_templates".
Here is an example of its structure:

"cf_templates": [
    {
        "id": "17",
        "title": "all fields",
        "fields": [
            {
                "id": "20",
                "title": "drop very long name",
                "type": "dropdown",
                "f_required": false,
                "order": 0,
                "dd_options": [
                    "the first option",
                    "the second option",
                ]
            },
            {
                "id": "1",
                "title": "text",
                "type": "text_field",
                "f_required": false,
                "order": 1,
                "dd_options": null
            },
            {
                "id": "2",
                "title": "area",
                "type": "textarea",
                "f_required": false,
                "order": 2,
                "dd_options": null
            },
            {
                "id": "19",
                "title": "check",
                "type": "checkbox",
                "f_required": false,
                "order": 3,
                "dd_options": null
            },
            {
                "id": "18",
                "title": "numn",
                "type": "number",
                "f_required": false,
                "order": 4,
                "dd_options": null
            },
            {
                "id": "17",
                "title": "date",
                "type": "date",
                "f_required": false,
                "order": 5,
                "dd_options": null
            }
        ]
    }
]
dd_options array contains values for the dropdown type of custom field. For other field types, this field is set to null. Inside "custom_fields" array with values for the task, value for the field with dropdown type is the number of the value in the dd_options array (starting from 0). Also for dropdowns, there is an additional field dd_actual_value which contains the actual value (so you may know it without extracting it from dd_options by id).

POST
Input data: 

name	description
title	
description 	can be an empty string
project_id	
task_group_id	can be empty or absent (task will be added to the first task list).
priority 	priority id. See priorities for :get.
assigned_to_id	should contain assigned to user id OR one of the two constants:  -1 (ASSIGNED_EVERYONE) and 0 (ASSIGNED_NOONE)
start_date 	can be empty or absent, the format is YYYY-MM-DD (empty value will be used if start_date is not allowed for the plan. Old start_date will be overridden in this case, if any).
r_rule	the recurrence rule in iCalendar (RFC 5545) format, can be an empty string or absent
due_date 	can be empty or absent, the format is YYYY-MM-DD
attached_ids 	an array of files uploaded previously with temporary=1 flag
h_parent_id 	can be absent or empty. It contains a parent task id. Note: parent task should be in the same tasks group as passed task_group_id. WARN! if a project, where subtask is added to, does not allow advanced subtasks (i.e. has f_subtasks_adv = false, see above), added subtask should contain empty string for description and due_date fields, and "0" for priority and assigned_to_id fields. Also, the parent task should not be a subtask. In case when other values are passed, they will be implicitly fixed to the right values with triggering an error sent to Freedcamp developers. h_ stands for Hierarchy.
Request example:

{"title": "22222", "description": "wwwwwww", "project_id": "305", "task_group_id": "272", "priority": "1", "assigned_to_id": "1", "due_date": "2015-08-28", "r_rule": "RRULE:FREQ=DAILY;COUNT=5", "attached_ids": [1296, 1297]}
Output: the same as /tasks/task_id:GET

PUT
(actual request should be /tasks/task_id:POST)

WARN! If an edited task is a subtask (h_parent_id is not empty) and has f_adv_subtask = false, edited data should contain empty string for description and due_date fields, and "0" for priority and assigned_to_id fields, or these fields should be absent. Also, the parent task should not be a subtask. No limits if f_adv_subtask = true.

Input data: 

The same set as for /tasks:POST. You may pass only changed parameters as well and skip passing not changed.

h_parent_id - can be absent or empty. If it is absent, the current parent id value is not changed during the query. If it is not empty and the edited task is not a subtask, it becomes a subtask. If is empty and edited task is a subtask, it becomes a task. All children tasks of the edited task are still its children in any case. Note: parent task should be in the same tasks group as passed task_group_id. 

Request data example:

{"title": "QQrgfbQQfdvQ!!!!", "description": "dvsdvdsfvdfv", "task_group_id": "276", "priority": "2", "assigned_to_id": "123", "due_date": "2015-08-13", "status": "2", "attached_ids": [1296, 1297]}
Output: the same as /tasks/task_id:GET

/tasks:POST(PUT) with custom fields manipulation
With usual data passed when adding a task, you may pass additional fields:

"cf_tpl_id": 1, "custom_fields": [{"cf_id": "1", "value": "1"}, {"cf_id": "2", "value": "some text"}]
Custom fields data structure is described in /tasks:GET section above.

Warn - do not pass 'cf_tpl_id' and 'custom_fields' if you do not intend to actually change anything in custom fields. Only passed custom fields values will be updated.

Request data example to unlink custom field template from a task:

/tasks/task_id:PUT

{"cf_tpl_id": null}
DELETE
/tasks/task_id:DELETE

/files
GET
/files/file_id - returns requested file inside files array

Output:

files: list of files with the following fields:

name	description
id	file id
name	name of the file (as on user's PC when uploaded)
url	download URL. Expires after some time, for example after 1 hour. It can be absent or empty. It always presents if requesting one file, or files array is a part of item data like task or comment.
thumb_url	if f_image is true, it contains thumbnail URL, otherwise it is null.
size	in bytes
version_id	
first_version_id	you may need it to upload a newer version of the file is_last_version project_id
files_group_id	if a file is inside some files group, it's id, "0" otherwise
file_type	file mime type
app_id	application to which file belongs to
item_id	item to which file attached to. Can be "0".
comment_id	comment to which file attached to. Can be "0".
user_id	a user who uploaded the file
f_temporary	the file was uploaded for an item to be created (task, comment). You should pass file_id when submitting this item later to link it
location	where the file is placed physically. Possible values are: storage, gdrive, onedrive, dropbox
created_ts	
f_image	if a file is image or not. Images may have thumb_url filed filled
Example:

"files": [
      {
        "id": "1293",
        "name": "win.png",
        "url": "https://freedcampfilestorage_test.s3.amazonaws.com/dsfv_JiP/win-89617.png?AWSAccessKeyId=AKIAJMBJBCR6Y7ZBMEEA&Expires=1441557155&Signature=smKZNFrjlfWdtffr0ie2WIqbJDo%3D",
        "thumb_url": "https://freedcampfilestorage_test.s3.amazonaws.com/dsfv_JiP/win-89617_thumb.png?AWSAccessKeyId=AKIAJMBJBCR6Y7ZBMEEA&Expires=1441557155&Signature=0o3V5qojh2lCQofcvTN4K7%2FqGrk%3D",
        "size": 74197,
        "version_id": 1,
        "first_version_id": 1293,
        "is_last_version": true,
        "project_id": "316",
        "files_group_id": "0",
        "comments_count": 0,
        "file_type": "image/png",
        "app_id": "2",
        "item_id": "1549",
        "comment_id": "0",
        "user_id": "167",
        "f_temporary": false,
        "created_ts": 1441466810,
        "f_image": true
      },
      ....
 ]
POST
name	description
application_id	should be always set
project_id	
item_id	can be empty or absent if added directly to Files application or a file is temporary, otherwise should present (even for comments)
comment_id	can be empty or absent if it's not attaching a file to comment or file is temporary
temporary	the file is uploaded for an item to be created (task, comment). You should pass returned file_id when submitting this item later to link it.
file - additional form-encoded field (except JSON "data")

Example:

{"project_id": "309", "application_id": "2", "item_id": "1560", "comment_id": "514", "temporary":0}
file: binary file data*

* i. e. request body contains 2 fields, string "data" and file "avatar", encoded as a form-data

Output: the same as /files/file_id:GET

Note, that you should not attach files to items (tasks, comments etc) directly. So far it will cause wrong files_count counter for the item. It will be changed later.

DELETE
/files/file_id:DELETE

/comments
POST
Input data: 

name	description
item_id	Item id to add a comment for
app_id	Application id (wiki). Supported apps are APP_TODOS, APP_FILES, APP_DISCUSSIONS, APP_BUGTRACKER, APP_WIKI, APP_CALENDAR.
description	Text content, HTML is supported
task_id	the deprecated parameter which will be removed
attached_ids 	an array of files uploaded previously with temporary=1 flag. Can be empty or absent
Example:

    {"item_id": "1549","app_id": "2", "description": "wwwwwww", "attached_ids":[1307, 1297]}
Output: 

name	description
id	
description	raw description, with Freedcamp tags like. WARN - you should show this data to the user when editing.
description_processed	processed description, where [fcattach] tags are replaced with actual images with a link. You should show to a user this data when showing comment (and use raw "description" when editing).
created_by_id 	author id
created_ts	
likes_count	
f_liked	if the comment is liked by the current user
files	list of files attached to the comment. See /files:GET for structure description
can_edit	boolean - if the current user is able to edit the comment
f_unread	boolean - if the comment is unread. A comment is marked as read after fetching by API
user_full_name	author name
url	comment URL
Note: for /comments:POST only just added comment will be returned.

Example:

    "comments": [
          {
            "id": "515",
            "description": "<p>ghngfhnf<br />\n </p>",
            "description_processed": "<p>ghngfhnf<br />\n </p>",
            "created_by_id": "167",
            "created_ts": 1441478547,
            "likes_count": 2,
            "f_liked": true,
            "files": [{...}, {...}, ...],
            "can_edit": false
          },
          ...
    ]
PUT
(actual request should be /comments/comment_id:POST)

Input data: 


description - comment description. Can be empty or absent (equal to a comment containing an empty string). If you allow your users to edit comments you should be using description field not description_processed field. Field description_processed  should not be exposed for editing directly as it does not contain meta-information required which may get erased and lead to some data loss if PUT back.

Example:

    {"description": "sdkjcnsdcsdc sdc  sdckjs dn"}
Output: 

The same as for /comments:POST

DELETE
/comments/comment_id

Deletes the comment.


/users
GET
Input data:

/users - returns all users visible to the current user

/users/current - returns current user data

/users/user_id  - returns "users" array containing only specified user data, if the current user has permissions to see him. Empty "users" array otherwise

Output:

users: array with requested users data. Structure example:

    "users": {
      [
        "user_id": "132942",
        "first_name": "f",
        "last_name": "",
        "avatar_url": "https:\\/\\/freedcamp-avatars-test.s3.amazonaws.com\\/4b322be59237277135526b97d1e86de2.jpg",
        "full_name": "f",
        "email": "bear@test.com",
        "timezone": "America/New_York"
      ],
      [
        "user_id": "132944",
        "first_name": "fsdc",
        "last_name": "sdcd",
        "avatar_url": "https:\\/\\/freedcamp-avatars-test.s3.amazonaws.com\\/4b33322be59237277135526b97d1e86de2.jpg",
        "full_name": "f s.",
        "email": null,
        "timezone": "America/New_York"
      ],
      ...
Note: "email" field is null if requesting user does not have permissions to see it.

POST
Input data: email, password, first_name, last_name, oauth_provider, oauth_id (inside the data), additional form FILE field - avatar file.

name	description
email	required
password 	can be empty in a case when oauth_provider parameter is passed
first_name	required
last_name 	can be empty
oauth_provider	if a user has done an unsuccessful login attempt using OAuth provider previously, an app may fill this field and oauth_access_token field with appropriate data to get user linked with the provider right after the registration. If OAuth provider has provided the app with email and first name, you can directly issue this request with an empty password (will be generated on the server side) without displaying a register screen to the user. Note that in case of returned errors (like empty email field) these errors will still correspond to register screen. A field can be empty or absent.
oauth_access_token	should be present if oauth_provider is set, can be empty or absent otherwise
mobile_app_version	a version of the mobile app
As to the avatar attached - please note, the maximum available square portion of the image will be used as an avatar (will be used the central part of the image), and it will be resized to 100*100 px.

X-API-TOKEN should be empty.

Example:

data: {"email": "bear+ss@deepshiftlabs.com", "password": "1111111111", "first_name": "fname", "last_name": "sdc"}

avatar: binary file data*

* i. e. request body contains 2 fields, string "data" and file "avatar", encoded as a form-data

Output: the same as /sessions:POST returns

PUT
(actual request should be /users/current:POST)

Input data: 

name	description
email	can be empty or absent. If present and differes from the current one, confirmation_password should be passed.
password 	SHOULD be empty or absent if user does not change it. If passed, confirmation_password should be passed also.
first_name	It can not be empty
last_name 	It can be empty
confirmation_password	Active password should be passed only when email or/and password are changed
timezone	User's timezone. To get a list of available timezones, use /timezones:GET
To update avatar, use /avatars/current:POST.

Request data example:

{
	"email": "some@freedcamp.com",
	"password": "",
	"first_name": "333",
	"last_name": "44444",
	"confirmation_password": "",
	"timezone": "America/New_York"
}
Output: the same as for /users/user_id:GET, also may contain token (see below).

WARN! If email and/or password is changed, a user will be logged out from all devices, including the current one (current token becomes invalid). So if a token is returned in the response, an application SHOULD replace the old token with this new one. Output example with a token is below. When different tokens for different sessions are implemented, a token will not become obsolete.

  "data": {
    "users": [
      {...}
    ],
    "token": "cc76fec61451717732153334d7e986acb380fcb2"
  }